# Deep-Learning-Projects
Deep Learning is the heart of the current rise of artificial intelligence. In the field of Computer Vision, it has become the workhorse for applications ranging from self-driving cars to surveillance and security. Whereas deep neural networks have demonstrated phenomenal success (often beyond human capabilities) in solving complex problems, in the recent studies it has shown that these deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial attacks in the form of subtle perturbations to inputs that lead a model to predict incorrect outputs.
#
Neural Networks provide state-of-the-art results for most learning tasks. Unfortunately, neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples: given an input x and any target classification t, it is possible to find a new input x’ that is similar to x but classified as t. For images, such perturbations are often too small to be perceptible, yet they completely fool the deep learning models. Adversarial attacks pose a serious threat to the success of deep learning in practice. This makes it difficult to apply neural networks in security-critical areas. This fact has recently lead to a large influx of contributions in this direction. There are different attack strategies which have been proposed to generate the adversarial attacks for the deep neural networks. In this report I will be mentioning some of the attack strategies for different types of attacks which I have implemented during my internship on a pre-trained classifiers for different datasets like CIFAR-10, MNIST and a large image dataset IMAGENET. At the end of the report I will also provide the importance of this concept of adversarial attacks in the field of civil engineering.
#
Brief introduction about Professor Dr. Santosh Kumar Vipparthi: -
Dr. Santosh Kumar Vipparthi, Assistant Professor, Dept. of Computer Science & Engineering, MNIT, Jaipur is a senior member of IEEE, has 11+ years of experience including teaching and industry. He leads Vision Intelligence Lab with research focused on important visual perception tasks such as moving object detection, gesture recognition, aberrant event detection, gesture recognition, motion analysis, image retrieval, etc. Also, Completed research and consultancy projects from various Govt. agencies. The technologies he is dealing with are Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Image Processing, Artificial Intelligence, Biomedical Image Processing and Signal Processing.

#
Tools and technologies: -
Python, Deep learning, Tensorflow, Keras, Numpy, Convolutional Neural Network, Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) Architecture.
